README.md, before:

# wayback
This app provides a dynamic browsing experience where previous World Imagery versions are presented within the map, along a timeline, and as a list. Versions that resulted in local changes are dynamically presented to the user based on location and scale. Preview changes by hovering and/or selecting individual layers. When ready, one or more Wayback layers can be added to an export queue and pushed to a new ArcGIS Online web map.

[View it live](https://livingatlas.arcgis.com/wayback/)

![App](screenshot.png)

## Installing 
To begin, clone this repository to your computer:

```sh
https://github.com/vannizhang/wayback.git
```

From the project's root directory, install the required packages (dependencies):

```sh
npm install
```

## Running the app 
Now you can start the webpack dev server to test the app on your local machine:

```sh
# it will start a server instance and begin listening for connections from localhost on port 8080
npm run start
```

## Deployment
To build/deploye the app, you can simply run:

```sh
# it will place all files needed for deployment into the /build directory 
npm run build
```

## External Libraries:
- [ArcGIS API for JavaScript (4.12)](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/index.html)
- [D3.js v4](https://d3js.org/)

## Resources
- [Wayback - 81 Flavors of World Imagery](https://www.esri.com/arcgis-blog/products/arcgis-living-atlas/imagery/wayback-81-flavors-of-world-imagery/)
- [Wayback Imagery group](http://esri.maps.arcgis.com/home/group.html?id=0f3189e1d1414edfad860b697b7d8311&start=1&view=list#content)
- [ArcGIS Living Atlas of the World](https://livingatlas.arcgis.com/en/browse/#d=2&categories=Imagery:1111)
- [Esri](https://www.esri.com/en-us/home)

## Issues

Find a bug or want to request a new feature?  Please let us know by submitting an issue.

## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## Licensing
Copyright 2018 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](license.txt) file.

Commit message:

Update Readme to show React dev tools
Add instructions to install React Dev tools that show how to see (a) component(s) state, lifecycle hooks and other useful React debugging methods external to the browser.

README.md, after:

# wayback
This app provides a dynamic browsing experience where previous World Imagery versions are presented within the map, along a timeline, and as a list. Versions that resulted in local changes are dynamically presented to the user based on location and scale. Preview changes by hovering and/or selecting individual layers. When ready, one or more Wayback layers can be added to an export queue and pushed to a new ArcGIS Online web map.

[View it live](https://livingatlas.arcgis.com/wayback/)

![App](screenshot.png)

## Installing 
To begin, clone this repository to your computer:

```sh
https://github.com/vannizhang/wayback.git
```

From the project's root directory, install the required packages (dependencies):

```sh
npm install
```

## Running the app 
Now you can start the webpack dev server to test the app on your local machine:

```sh
# it will start a server instance and begin listening for connections from localhost on port 8080
npm run start
```

## Debugging

To debug React aspects of this app React Developer npm tools come in handy.

Install a global npm package (source: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-devtools)

# Yarn 
yarn global add react-devtools
 
# NPM 
npm install -g react-devtools
If you prefer to avoid global installations, you can add react-devtools as a project dependency. With Yarn, you can do this by running:

yarn add --dev react-devtools
With NPM you can just use NPX:

npx react-devtools

## Deployment
To build/deploye the app, you can simply run:

```sh
# it will place all files needed for deployment into the /build directory 
npm run build
```

## External Libraries:
- [ArcGIS API for JavaScript (4.12)](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/index.html)
- [D3.js v4](https://d3js.org/)

## Resources
- [Wayback - 81 Flavors of World Imagery](https://www.esri.com/arcgis-blog/products/arcgis-living-atlas/imagery/wayback-81-flavors-of-world-imagery/)
- [Wayback Imagery group](http://esri.maps.arcgis.com/home/group.html?id=0f3189e1d1414edfad860b697b7d8311&start=1&view=list#content)
- [ArcGIS Living Atlas of the World](https://livingatlas.arcgis.com/en/browse/#d=2&categories=Imagery:1111)
- [Esri](https://www.esri.com/en-us/home)

## Issues

Find a bug or want to request a new feature?  Please let us know by submitting an issue.

## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## Licensing
Copyright 2018 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](license.txt) file.
